windows/*: fix placeholders, flags and code descriptions (PR 1) (#7874)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/choco-apikey.md

# choco-apikey

> Manage API keys for Chocolatey sources.
> More information: <https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/commands/api-key>.

- Print all sources and their API keys:

`choco apikey`

> - Print the specified source and its API key:

Reviewer: We try to avoid `its`
```suggestion
- Print a specified source and the associated API key:
```

Author: Why?

Reviewer: I assume possible issues with your, his, its, etc

`choco apikey --source "{{source_url}}"`

> - Set the API key for the specified source:

Reviewer: `an` sounds better
```suggestion
- Set an API key for the specified source:
```
